---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_channels Data Source - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about existing channels.
---

# Data Source `octopusdeploy_channels`

Provides information about existing channels.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "octopusdeploy_channels" "example" {
  ids          = ["Channels-123", "Channels-321"]
  partial_name = "Defau"
  skip         = 5
  take         = 100
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **ids** (List of String) A filter to search by a list of IDs.
- **partial_name** (String) A filter to search by the partial match of a name.
- **skip** (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to skip in the response.
- **take** (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to take (or return) in the response.

### Read-only

- **channels** (Block List) A channel that matches the specified filter(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--channels))

<a id="nestedblock--channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `channels`

Read-only:

- **description** (String) The description of this resource.
- **id** (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- **is_default** (Boolean) Indicates if this is the default channel for the associated project.
- **lifecycle_id** (String) The lifecycle ID associated with this channel.
- **name** (String) The name of this resource.
- **project_id** (String) The project ID associated with this channel.
- **rule** (List of Object) A list of rules associated with this channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--channels--rule))
- **space_id** (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- **tenant_tags** (List of String) A list of tenant tags associated with this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--channels--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `channels.rule`

Read-only:

- **actions** (List of String)
- **id** (String)
- **tag** (String)
- **version_range** (String)


