---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_cloud_region_deployment_targets Data Source - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about existing cloud region deployment targets.
---

# octopusdeploy_cloud_region_deployment_targets (Data Source)

Provides information about existing cloud region deployment targets.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "octopusdeploy_cloud_region_deployment_targets" "example" {
  environments = ["Environments-123", "Environments-321"]
  ids          = ["Machines-123"]
  name         = "Azure North America"
  partial_name = "Azure Nor"
  skip         = 5
  take         = 100
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `deployment_id` (String) A filter to search by deployment ID.
- `environments` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of environment IDs.
- `health_statuses` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of health statuses of resources. Valid health statuses are `HasWarnings`, `Healthy`, `Unavailable`, `Unhealthy`, or `Unknown`.
- `ids` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of IDs.
- `is_disabled` (Boolean) A filter to search by the disabled status of a resource.
- `name` (String) A filter to search by name.
- `partial_name` (String) A filter to search by the partial match of a name.
- `roles` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of role IDs.
- `shell_names` (List of String) A list of shell names to match in the query and/or search
- `skip` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to skip in the response.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- `take` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to take (or return) in the response.
- `tenant_tags` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of tenant tags.
- `tenants` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of tenant IDs.
- `thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the deployment target to match in the query and/or search

### Read-Only

- `cloud_region_deployment_targets` (List of Object) A list of cloud region deployment targets that match the filter(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets))
- `id` (String) An auto-generated identifier that includes the timestamp when this data source was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_region_deployment_targets`

Read-Only:

- `default_worker_pool_id` (String)
- `endpoint` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets--endpoint))
- `environments` (List of String)
- `has_latest_calamari` (Boolean)
- `health_status` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `is_disabled` (Boolean)
- `is_in_process` (Boolean)
- `machine_policy_id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `operating_system` (String)
- `roles` (List of String)
- `shell_name` (String)
- `shell_version` (String)
- `space_id` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `status_summary` (String)
- `tenant_tags` (List of String)
- `tenanted_deployment_participation` (String)
- `tenants` (List of String)
- `thumbprint` (String)
- `uri` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets--endpoint"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_region_deployment_targets.endpoint`

Read-Only:

- `aad_client_credential_secret` (String)
- `aad_credential_type` (String)
- `aad_user_credential_username` (String)
- `account_id` (String)
- `applications_directory` (String)
- `authentication` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets--endpoint--authentication))
- `certificate_signature_algorithm` (String)
- `certificate_store_location` (String)
- `certificate_store_name` (String)
- `client_certificate_variable` (String)
- `cloud_service_name` (String)
- `cluster_certificate` (String)
- `cluster_certificate_path` (String)
- `cluster_url` (String)
- `communication_style` (String)
- `connection_endpoint` (String)
- `container` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets--endpoint--container))
- `container_options` (String)
- `default_worker_pool_id` (String)
- `destination` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets--endpoint--destination))
- `dot_net_core_platform` (String)
- `fingerprint` (String)
- `host` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `port` (Number)
- `proxy_id` (String)
- `resource_group_name` (String)
- `running_in_container` (Boolean)
- `security_mode` (String)
- `server_certificate_thumbprint` (String)
- `skip_tls_verification` (Boolean)
- `slot` (String)
- `storage_account_name` (String)
- `swap_if_possible` (Boolean)
- `tentacle_version_details` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets--endpoint--tentacle_version_details))
- `thumbprint` (String)
- `uri` (String)
- `use_current_instance_count` (Boolean)
- `web_app_name` (String)
- `web_app_slot_name` (String)
- `working_directory` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets--endpoint--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_region_deployment_targets.endpoint.authentication`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String)
- `admin_login` (String)
- `assume_role` (Boolean)
- `assume_role_external_id` (String)
- `assume_role_session_duration` (Number)
- `assumed_role_arn` (String)
- `assumed_role_session` (String)
- `authentication_type` (String)
- `client_certificate` (String)
- `cluster_name` (String)
- `cluster_resource_group` (String)
- `impersonate_service_account` (Boolean)
- `project` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `service_account_emails` (String)
- `token_path` (String)
- `use_instance_role` (Boolean)
- `use_vm_service_account` (Boolean)
- `zone` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets--endpoint--container"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_region_deployment_targets.endpoint.container`

Read-Only:

- `feed_id` (String)
- `image` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets--endpoint--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_region_deployment_targets.endpoint.destination`

Read-Only:

- `destination_type` (String)
- `drop_folder_path` (String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--cloud_region_deployment_targets--endpoint--tentacle_version_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_region_deployment_targets.endpoint.tentacle_version_details`

Read-Only:

- `upgrade_locked` (Boolean)
- `upgrade_required` (Boolean)
- `upgrade_suggested` (Boolean)
- `version` (String)


