---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_environments Data Source - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about existing environments.
---

# octopusdeploy_environments (Data Source)

Provides information about existing environments.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "octopusdeploy_environments" "example" {
  ids          = ["Environments-123", "Environments-321"]
  name         = "Production"
  partial_name = "Produc"
  skip         = 5
  take         = 100
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ids` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of IDs.
- `name` (String) A filter to search by name.
- `partial_name` (String) A filter to search by the partial match of a name.
- `skip` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to skip in the response.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- `take` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to take (or return) in the response.

### Read-Only

- `environments` (Block List) A list of environments that match the filter(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--environments))
- `id` (String) An auto-generated identifier that includes the timestamp when this data source was last modified.

<a id="nestedblock--environments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments`

Read-Only:

- `allow_dynamic_infrastructure` (Boolean)
- `description` (String) The description of this environment.
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `jira_extension_settings` (List of Object) Provides extension settings for the Jira integration for this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments--jira_extension_settings))
- `jira_service_management_extension_settings` (List of Object) Provides extension settings for the Jira Service Management (JSM) integration for this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments--jira_service_management_extension_settings))
- `name` (String) The name of this resource.
- `servicenow_extension_settings` (List of Object) Provides extension settings for the ServiceNow integration for this environment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--environments--servicenow_extension_settings))
- `slug` (String)
- `sort_order` (Number) The order number to sort an environment.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this environment.
- `use_guided_failure` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedatt--environments--jira_extension_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments.jira_extension_settings`

Read-Only:

- `environment_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--environments--jira_service_management_extension_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments.jira_service_management_extension_settings`

Read-Only:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--environments--servicenow_extension_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environments.servicenow_extension_settings`

Read-Only:

- `is_enabled` (Boolean)
