---
page_title: "Data Source octopusdeploy_feeds - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: "Feeds"
description: |-
  Provides information about existing feeds.
---

# Data Source (octopusdeploy_feeds)

Provides information about existing feeds.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "octopusdeploy_feeds" "example" {
  feed_type    = "NuGet"
  ids          = ["Feeds-123", "Feeds-321"]
  partial_name = "Develop"
  skip         = 5
  take         = 100
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **feed_type** (String) A filter to search by feed type. Valid feed types are `AwsElasticContainerRegistry`, `BuiltIn`, `Docker`, `GitHub`, `Helm`, `Maven`, `NuGet`, or `OctopusProject`.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **ids** (List of String) A filter to search by a list of IDs.
- **partial_name** (String) A filter to search by the partial match of a name.
- **skip** (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to skip in the response.
- **take** (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to take (or return) in the response.

### Read-Only

- **feeds** (Block List) A list of feeds that match the filter(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--feeds))

<a id="nestedblock--feeds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `feeds`

Read-Only:

- **access_key** (String)
- **api_version** (String)
- **delete_unreleased_packages_after_days** (Number)
- **download_attempts** (Number) The number of times a deployment should attempt to download a package from this feed before failing.
- **download_retry_backoff_seconds** (Number) The number of seconds to apply as a linear back off between download attempts.
- **feed_type** (String)
- **feed_uri** (String)
- **id** (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- **is_enhanced_mode** (Boolean)
- **name** (String) A short, memorable, unique name for this feed. Example: ACME Builds.
- **package_acquisition_location_options** (List of String)
- **password** (String, Sensitive) The password associated with this resource.
- **region** (String)
- **registry_path** (String)
- **secret_key** (String, Sensitive)
- **space_id** (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- **username** (String, Sensitive) The username associated with this resource.