---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_kubernetes_agent_deployment_targets Data Source - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about existing kubernetes agent deployment targets.
---

# octopusdeploy_kubernetes_agent_deployment_targets (Data Source)

Provides information about existing kubernetes agent deployment targets.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "octopusdeploy_kubernetes_agent_deployment_targets" "kubernetes_agent_deployment_targets" {
   deployment_id   = "Deployments-123"
   environments    = ["Environments-123", "Environments-321"]
   health_statuses = ["HasWarnings"]
   ids             = ["Machines-123", "Machines-321"]
   is_disabled     = false
   name            = "Kubernetes Agent"
   partial_name    = "Kubernetes Age"
   roles           = ["Roles-123", "Roles-321"]
   shell_names     = []
   skip            = 5
   take            = 100
   tenant_tags     = ["TagSet1/Tag"]
   tenants         = ["Tenants-123"]
   thumbprint      = "96203ED84246201C26A2F4360D7CBC36AC1D232D"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `deployment_id` (String) A filter to search by deployment ID.
- `environments` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of environment IDs.
- `health_statuses` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of health statuses of resources. Valid health statuses are `HasWarnings`, `Healthy`, `Unavailable`, `Unhealthy`, or `Unknown`.
- `ids` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of IDs.
- `is_disabled` (Boolean) A filter to search by the disabled status of a resource.
- `name` (String) A filter to search by name.
- `partial_name` (String) A filter to search by the partial match of a name.
- `roles` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of role IDs.
- `shell_names` (List of String) A list of shell names to match in the query and/or search
- `skip` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to skip in the response.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- `take` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to take (or return) in the response.
- `tenant_tags` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of tenant tags.
- `tenants` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of tenant IDs.
- `thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the deployment target to match in the query and/or search

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) An auto-generated identifier that includes the timestamp when this data source was last modified.
- `kubernetes_agent_deployment_targets` (Block List) A list of kubernetes agent deployment targets that match the filter(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kubernetes_agent_deployment_targets))

<a id="nestedblock--kubernetes_agent_deployment_targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes_agent_deployment_targets`

Read-Only:

- `agent_helm_release_name` (String) Name of the Helm release that the agent belongs to.
- `agent_kubernetes_namespace` (String) Name of the Kubernetes namespace where the agent is installed.
- `agent_tentacle_version` (String) Current Tentacle version of the agent
- `agent_upgrade_status` (String) Current upgrade availability status of the agent. One of 'NoUpgrades', 'UpgradeAvailable', 'UpgradeSuggested', 'UpgradeRequired'
- `agent_version` (String) Current Helm chart version of the agent.
- `communication_mode` (String) The communication mode used by the Kubernetes agent to communicate with Octopus Server. Currently, the only supported value is 'Polling'.
- `default_namespace` (String) Optional default namespace that will be used when using Kubernetes deployment steps, can be overrides within step configurations.
- `environments` (List of String) A list of environment IDs this Kubernetes agent can deploy to.
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `is_disabled` (Boolean) Whether the Kubernetes agent is disabled. If the agent is disabled, it will not be included in any deployments.
- `machine_policy_id` (String) Optional ID of the machine policy that the Kubernetes agent will use. If not provided the default machine policy will be used.
- `name` (String) The name of this resource.
- `roles` (List of String) A list of target roles that are associated to this Kubernetes agent.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- `tenant_tags` (List of String) A list of tenant tags associated with this resource.
- `tenanted_deployment_participation` (String) The tenanted deployment mode of the resource. Valid account types are `Untenanted`, `TenantedOrUntenanted`, or `Tenanted`.
- `tenants` (List of String) A list of tenant IDs associated with this resource.
- `thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the Kubernetes agent's certificate used by server to verify the identity of the agent. This is the same thumbprint that was used when installing the agent.
- `upgrade_locked` (Boolean) If enabled the Kubernetes agent will not automatically upgrade and will stay on the currently installed version, even if the associated machine policy is configured to automatically upgrade.
- `uri` (String) The URI of the Kubernetes agent's used by the server to queue messages. This is the same subscription uri that was used when installing the agent.


