---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_library_variable_sets Data Source - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about existing library variable sets.
---

# octopusdeploy_library_variable_sets (Data Source)

Provides information about existing library variable sets.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `content_type` (String) A filter to search by content type.
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `ids` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of IDs.
- `library_variable_sets` (Block List) A list of library variable sets that match the filter(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--library_variable_sets))
- `partial_name` (String) A filter to search by a partial name.
- `skip` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to skip in the response.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this library variable set.
- `take` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to take (or return) in the response.

<a id="nestedblock--library_variable_sets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `library_variable_sets`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of this library variable set.
- `name` (String) The name of this resource.
- `template` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--library_variable_sets--template))

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this library variable set.
- `template_ids` (Map of String)
- `variable_set_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--library_variable_sets--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `library_variable_sets.template`

Optional:

- `default_value` (String)
- `display_settings` (Map of String)
- `help_text` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `label` (String)
- `name` (String)


