---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_listening_tentacle_deployment_targets Data Source - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about existing listening tentacle deployment targets.
---

# octopusdeploy_listening_tentacle_deployment_targets (Data Source)

Provides information about existing listening tentacle deployment targets.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "octopusdeploy_listening_tentacle_deployment_targets" "listening_tentacle_deployment_targets" {
  # deployment_id   = "Deployments-123"
  # environments    = ["Environments-123", "Environments-321"]
  # health_statuses = ["HasWarnings"]
  # ids             = ["Machines-123", "Machines-321"]
  # is_disabled     = false
  # name            = "Listening Tentacle (OK to Delete)"
  # partial_name    = "Listening Tentac"
  # roles           = ["Roles-123", "Roles-321"]
  # shell_names     = []
  # skip            = 5
  # take            = 100
  # tenant_tags     = []
  # tenants         = []
  # thumbprint      = ""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **deployment_id** (String) A filter to search by deployment ID.
- **environments** (List of String) A filter to search by a list of environment IDs.
- **health_statuses** (List of String) A filter to search by a list of health statuses of resources. Valid health statuses are `HasWarnings`, `Healthy`, `Unavailable`, `Unhealthy`, or `Unknown`.
- **ids** (List of String) A filter to search by a list of IDs.
- **is_disabled** (Boolean) A filter to search by the disabled status of a resource.
- **name** (String) A filter to search by name.
- **partial_name** (String) A filter to search by the partial match of a name.
- **roles** (List of String) A filter to search by a list of role IDs.
- **shell_names** (List of String) A list of shell names to match in the query and/or search
- **skip** (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to skip in the response.
- **take** (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to take (or return) in the response.
- **tenant_tags** (List of String) A filter to search by a list of tenant tags.
- **tenants** (List of String) A filter to search by a list of tenant IDs.
- **thumbprint** (String) The thumbprint of the deployment target to match in the query and/or search

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) A auto-generated identifier that includes the timestamp when this data source was last modified.
- **listening_tentacle_deployment_targets** (Block List) A list of listening tentacle deployment targets that match the filter(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--listening_tentacle_deployment_targets))

<a id="nestedblock--listening_tentacle_deployment_targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listening_tentacle_deployment_targets`

Read-Only:

- **certificate_signature_algorithm** (String)
- **environments** (List of String) A list of environment IDs associated with this listening tentacle.
- **has_latest_calamari** (Boolean)
- **health_status** (String) Represents the health status of this deployment target. Valid health statuses are `HasWarnings`, `Healthy`, `Unavailable`, `Unhealthy`, or `Unknown`.
- **id** (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- **is_disabled** (Boolean) Represents the disabled status of this deployment target.
- **is_in_process** (Boolean) Represents the in-process status of this deployment target.
- **machine_policy_id** (String) The machine policy ID that is associated with this deployment target.
- **name** (String) The name of this resource.
- **operating_system** (String) The operating system that is associated with this deployment target.
- **proxy_id** (String) The proxy ID that is associated with this deployment target.
- **roles** (List of String) A list of role IDs that are associated with this deployment target.
- **shell_name** (String) The shell name associated with this deployment target.
- **shell_version** (String) The shell version associated with this deployment target.
- **space_id** (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- **status** (String) The status of this resource. Valid statuses are `CalamariNeedsUpgrade`, `Disabled`, `NeedsUpgrade`, `Offline`, `Online`, or `Unknown`.
- **status_summary** (String) A summary elaborating on the status of this resource.
- **tenant_tags** (List of String) A list of tenant tags associated with this resource.
- **tenanted_deployment_participation** (String) The tenanted deployment mode of the resource. Valid account types are `Untenanted`, `TenantedOrUntenanted`, or `Tenanted`.
- **tenants** (List of String) A list of tenant IDs associated with this resource.
- **tentacle_url** (String) The tenant URL of this deployment target.
- **tentacle_version_details** (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listening_tentacle_deployment_targets--tentacle_version_details))
- **thumbprint** (String) The thumbprint of this deployment target.
- **uri** (String) The URI of this deployment target.

<a id="nestedatt--listening_tentacle_deployment_targets--tentacle_version_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listening_tentacle_deployment_targets.tentacle_version_details`

Read-Only:

- **upgrade_locked** (Boolean)
- **upgrade_required** (Boolean)
- **upgrade_suggested** (Boolean)
- **version** (String)


