---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_projects Data Source - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about existing Octopus Deploy projects.
---

# octopusdeploy_projects (Data Source)

Provides information about existing Octopus Deploy projects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "octopusdeploy_projects" "example" {
  cloned_from_project_id = "Projects-456"
  ids                    = ["Projects-123", "Projects-321"]
  is_clone               = true
  name                   = "Default"
  partial_name           = "Defau"
  skip                   = 5
  take                   = 100
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cloned_from_project_id` (String) A filter to search for cloned resources by a project ID.
- `ids` (List of String) A filter to search by a list of IDs.
- `is_clone` (Boolean) A filter to search for cloned resources.
- `name` (String) A filter to search by name
- `partial_name` (String) A filter to search by a partial name.
- `skip` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to skip in the response.
- `space_id` (String) A Space ID to filter by. Will revert what is specified on the provider if not set
- `take` (Number) A filter to specify the number of items to take (or return) in the response.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) An auto-generated identifier that includes the timestamp when this data source was last modified.
- `projects` (Attributes List) A list of projects that match the filter(s). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects))

<a id="nestedatt--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects`

Read-Only:

- `allow_deployments_to_no_targets` (Boolean, Deprecated)
- `auto_create_release` (Boolean)
- `auto_deploy_release_overrides` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--auto_deploy_release_overrides))
- `cloned_from_project_id` (String)
- `connectivity_policy` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--connectivity_policy))
- `default_guided_failure_mode` (String)
- `default_to_skip_if_already_installed` (Boolean)
- `deployment_changes_template` (String)
- `deployment_process_id` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `discrete_channel_release` (Boolean)
- `git_anonymous_persistence_settings` (Attributes List) Git-related persistence settings for a version-controlled project using anonymous authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--git_anonymous_persistence_settings))
- `git_library_persistence_settings` (Attributes List) Git-related persistence settings for a version-controlled project using library authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--git_library_persistence_settings))
- `git_username_password_persistence_settings` (Attributes List) Git-related persistence settings for a version-controlled project using username_password authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--git_username_password_persistence_settings))
- `id` (String)
- `included_library_variable_sets` (List of String)
- `is_disabled` (Boolean)
- `is_discrete_channel_release` (Boolean)
- `is_version_controlled` (Boolean)
- `jira_service_management_extension_settings` (Attributes List) Extension settings for the Jira Service Management (JSM) integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--jira_service_management_extension_settings))
- `lifecycle_id` (String)
- `name` (String) The name of the project.
- `project_group_id` (String) The project group ID associated with this project.
- `release_creation_strategy` (Attributes List) The release creation strategy for the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--release_creation_strategy))
- `release_notes_template` (String) The template to use for release notes.
- `servicenow_extension_settings` (Attributes List) Extension settings for the ServiceNow integration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--servicenow_extension_settings))
- `slug` (String) A human-readable, unique identifier, used to identify a project.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this project.
- `template` (Attributes List) Template parameters for the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--template))
- `tenanted_deployment_participation` (String) The tenanted deployment mode of the project.
- `variable_set_id` (String) The ID of the variable set associated with this project.
- `versioning_strategy` (Attributes List) The versioning strategy for the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--versioning_strategy))

<a id="nestedatt--projects--auto_deploy_release_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.auto_deploy_release_overrides`

Read-Only:

- `environment_id` (String) The environment ID for the auto deploy release override.
- `release_id` (String) The release ID for the auto deploy release override.
- `tenant_id` (String) The tenant ID for the auto deploy release override.


<a id="nestedatt--projects--connectivity_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.connectivity_policy`

Read-Only:

- `allow_deployments_to_no_targets` (Boolean) Allow deployments to be created when there are no targets.
- `exclude_unhealthy_targets` (Boolean) Exclude unhealthy targets from deployments.
- `skip_machine_behavior` (String) The behavior when a machine is skipped.
- `target_roles` (List of String) The target roles for the connectivity policy.


<a id="nestedatt--projects--git_anonymous_persistence_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.git_anonymous_persistence_settings`

Read-Only:

- `base_path` (String) The base path associated with these version control settings.
- `default_branch` (String) The default branch associated with these version control settings.
- `protected_branches` (Set of String) A list of protected branch patterns.
- `url` (String) The URL associated with these version control settings.


<a id="nestedatt--projects--git_library_persistence_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.git_library_persistence_settings`

Read-Only:

- `base_path` (String) The base path associated with these version control settings.
- `default_branch` (String) The default branch associated with these version control settings.
- `git_credential_id` (String) The ID of the Git credential.
- `protected_branches` (Set of String) A list of protected branch patterns.
- `url` (String) The URL associated with these version control settings.


<a id="nestedatt--projects--git_username_password_persistence_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.git_username_password_persistence_settings`

Read-Only:

- `base_path` (String) The base path associated with these version control settings.
- `default_branch` (String) The default branch associated with these version control settings.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the Git credential.
- `protected_branches` (Set of String) A list of protected branch patterns.
- `url` (String) The URL associated with these version control settings.
- `username` (String) The username for the Git credential.


<a id="nestedatt--projects--jira_service_management_extension_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.jira_service_management_extension_settings`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String) The connection identifier for JSM.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the JSM extension is enabled.
- `service_desk_project_name` (String) The JSM service desk project name.


<a id="nestedatt--projects--release_creation_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.release_creation_strategy`

Read-Only:

- `channel_id` (String) The ID of the channel to use for release creation.
- `release_creation_package` (Attributes List) Details of the package used for release creation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--release_creation_strategy--release_creation_package))
- `release_creation_package_step_id` (String) The ID of the step containing the package for release creation.

<a id="nestedatt--projects--release_creation_strategy--release_creation_package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.release_creation_strategy.release_creation_package`

Read-Only:

- `deployment_action` (String) The deployment action for the release creation package.
- `package_reference` (String) The package reference for the release creation package.



<a id="nestedatt--projects--servicenow_extension_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.servicenow_extension_settings`

Read-Only:

- `connection_id` (String) The connection identifier for ServiceNow.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the ServiceNow extension is enabled.
- `is_state_automatically_transitioned` (Boolean) Whether state is automatically transitioned in ServiceNow.
- `standard_change_template_name` (String) The name of the standard change template in ServiceNow.


<a id="nestedatt--projects--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.template`

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value for the parameter.
- `display_settings` (Map of String) The display settings for the parameter.
- `help_text` (String) The help text for the parameter.
- `id` (String) The ID of the template parameter.
- `label` (String) The label shown beside the parameter.
- `name` (String) The name of the variable set by the parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--projects--versioning_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.versioning_strategy`

Read-Only:

- `donor_package` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects--versioning_strategy--donor_package))
- `donor_package_step_id` (String) The ID of the step containing the donor package.
- `template` (String) The template to use for version numbers.

<a id="nestedatt--projects--versioning_strategy--donor_package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects.versioning_strategy.donor_package`

Read-Only:

- `deployment_action` (String) The deployment action for the donor package.
- `package_reference` (String) The package reference for the donor package.


