---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_variables Data Source - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides information about existing variables.
---

# octopusdeploy_variables (Data Source)

Provides information about existing variables.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "octopusdeploy_variables" "example" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of variable to find.
- `owner_id` (String) Owner ID for the variable to find.
- `scope` (Attributes List) As variable names can appear more than once under different scopes, a VariableScope must also be provided (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scope))

### Optional

- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this variable.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of this variable.
- `id` (String) The identifier of the variable to find.
- `is_editable` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not this variable is considered editable.
- `is_sensitive` (Boolean) Indicates whether or not this resource is considered sensitive and should be kept secret.
- `prompt` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prompt))
- `sensitive_value` (String, Sensitive)
- `type` (String) The type of variable represented by this resource. Valid types are `AmazonWebServicesAccount`, `AzureAccount`, `GoogleCloudAccount`, `UsernamePasswordAccount`, `Certificate`, `Sensitive`, `String`, `WorkerPool`.
- `value` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `actions` (List of String) A list of actions that are scoped to this variable value.
- `channels` (List of String) A list of channels that are scoped to this variable value.
- `environments` (List of String) A list of environments that are scoped to this variable value.
- `machines` (List of String) A list of machines that are scoped to this variable value.
- `processes` (List of String) A list of processes that are scoped to this variable value.
- `roles` (List of String) A list of roles that are scoped to this variable value.
- `tenant_tags` (List of String) A list of tenant tags that are scoped to this variable value.


<a id="nestedatt--prompt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prompt`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of this variable prompt option.
- `display_settings` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prompt--display_settings))
- `is_required` (Boolean)
- `label` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--prompt--display_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prompt.display_settings`

Read-Only:

- `control_type` (String) The type of control for rendering this prompted variable. Valid types are `SingleLineText`, `MultiLineText`, `Checkbox`, `Select`.
- `select_option` (Attributes List) If the `control_type` is `Select`, then this value defines an option. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--prompt--display_settings--select_option))

<a id="nestedatt--prompt--display_settings--select_option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prompt.display_settings.select_option`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name for the select value
- `value` (String) The select value


