# 🐙 Terraform Provider for Octopus Deploy

## :warning: Warning

The Terraform Provider for Octopus Deploy is under active development. Its functionalty can and will change; it is a v0.\* product until its robustness can be assured. Please be aware that types like resources can and will be modified over time. It is strongly recommended to `validate` and `plan` configuration prior to committing changes via `apply`.

## About

This repository contains the source code for the Terraform Provider for [Octopus Deploy](https://octopus.com). It supports provisioning/configuring of Octopus Deploy instances via [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/). Documentation and guides for using this provider are located on the Terraform Registry: [Documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/OctopusDeployLabs/octopusdeploy/latest/docs).

## 🪄 Installation and Configuration

The Terraform Provider for Octopus Deploy is available via the Terraform Registry: [OctopusDeployLabs/octopusdeploy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/OctopusDeployLabs/octopusdeploy). To install this provider, copy and paste this code into your Terraform configuration:

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    octopusdeploy = {
      source = "OctopusDeployLabs/octopusdeploy"
      version = "version-number" # example: 0.7.62
    }
  }
}

data "octopusdeploy_space" "space" {
  provider = octopusdeploy.unscoped
  name     = "Development Team"
}

provider "octopusdeploy" {
  # configuration options
  address  = "https://octopus.example.com"     # (required; string) the service endpoint of the Octopus REST API
  api_key  = "API-XXXXXXXXXXXXX"               # (required; string) the API key to use with the Octopus REST API
  space_id = data.octopusdeploy_space.space.id # (optional; string) the space ID in Octopus Deploy
}
```

If `space_id` is not specified the Terraform Provider for Octopus Deploy will assume the default space.

### Environment Variables

You can provide your Octopus Server configuration via the `OCTOPUS_URL` and `OCTOPUS_APIKEY` environment variables, representing your Octopus Server address and API Key, respectively.

```hcl
provider "octopusdeploy" {}
```

Run `terraform init` to initialize this provider and enable resource management.

## 🛠 Build Instructions

A build of this Terraform Provider can be created using the [Makefile](https://github.com/OctopusDeployLabs/terraform-provider-octopusdeploy/blob/master/Makefile) provided in the source:

```shell
$ make
```

This will generate a binary that will be installed to the local plugins folder. Once installed, the provider may be used through the following configuration:

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    octopusdeploy = {
      source  = "octopus.com/com/octopusdeploy"
      version = "0.7.63"
    }
  }
}

provider "octopusdeploy" {
  address  = # address
  api_key  = # API key
  space_id = # space ID
}
```

After the provider has been built and saved to the local plugins folder, it may be used after initialization:

```shell
$ terraform init
```

Terraform will scan the local plugins folder directory structure (first) to qualify the source name provided in your Terraform configuration. If it can resolve this name then the local copy will be initialized for use with Terraform. Otherwise, it will scan the Terraform Registry.

:warning: The `version` number specified in your Terraform configuration MUST match the version number specified in the Makefile. Futhermore, this version MUST either be incremented for each local re-build; otherwise, Terraform will use the cached version of the provider in the `.terraform` folder. Alternatively, you can simply delete the folder and re-run the `terraform init` command.

### Documentation Generation

Documentation is auto-generated by the [tfplugindocs CLI](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs). To generate the documentation, run the following command:

```shell
$ go generate
```

## 🤝 Contributions

Contributions are welcome! :heart: Please read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for information about how to get involved in this project.
