---
page_title: "octopusdeploy Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# octopusdeploy Provider

## Warning

> This provider has been moved under the namespace OctopusDeploy, the provider under OctopusDeployLabs is no longer maintained.
> Please read *0. Moving to Octopus Deploy Namespace* under the guides subcategory to learn how to upgrade your provider while maintaining state.

## Overview

This provider is used to configure resources in Octopus Deploy. The provider must be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

## Configuration

### Authentication Methods
The provider supports authenticating to an Octopus Server instance via either:
* API Key
* OIDC Access Token

These are mutually exclusive options - use either, not both. For backward compatibility, API Key will always be preferred over OIDC, when an API Key is present.

### Default Space

Octopus Deploy supports the concept of a Default Space. This is the first space that is automatically created on server setup. If you do not specify a Space when configuring the Octopus Deploy Terraform provider it will use the Default Space.

```terraform
provider "octopusdeploy" {
  address = "https://octopus.example.com"
  api_key = "API-XXXXXXXXXXXXX"
}
```

### Scoped to a specific Space

You can configure the Terraform Provider for Octopus Deploy to target a
particular space. If this configuration is specified, resources managed by the
provider will be scoped to this space. To scope the provider to a space, simply
provide the _ID_ of the space.

Scoping the provider by the ID of a space is done as follows:

```terraform
provider "octopusdeploy" {
  address  = "https://octopus.example.com"
  api_key  = "API-XXXXXXXXXXXXX"
  space_id = "Spaces-321" # the ID of the space
}
```

### Multiple Spaces

To manage resources in multiple spaces you can specify the space_id on the resource directly:

```terraform
provider "octopusdeploy" {
  address = "https://octopus.example.com"
  api_key = "API-XXXXXXXXXXXXX"
}

data "octopusdeploy_space" "dev" {
  name     = "Product Development"
}

/*
This resource will use the default space
*/
resource "octopusdeploy_environment" "development-environment" {
  name = "TestEnv1"
}


/*
This resource will be scoped to the space named "Product Development".
*/
resource "octopusdeploy_environment" "Env3" {
  space_id = data.octopusdeploy_space.dev.id
  name     = "TestEnv3"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) The OIDC Access Token to use with the Octopus REST API
- `address` (String) The endpoint of the Octopus REST API
- `api_key` (String) The API key to use with the Octopus REST API
- `space_id` (String) The space ID to target