---
page_title: "octopusdeploy_aws_openid_connect_account Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages AWS OIDC accounts in Octopus Deploy.
---

# octopusdeploy_aws_openid_connect_account (Resource)

This resource manages AWS OIDC accounts in Octopus Deploy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "octopusdeploy_aws_openid_connect_account" "example" {
  name = "AWS OIDC Account"
  description = "AWS OIDC Connect Account"
  role_arn = "Amazon Resource Name"
  account_test_subject_keys = ["space"]
  environments = ["environment-123"]
  tenants = ["tenants-123"]
  execution_subject_keys = ["space"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this AWS OIDC account.
- `role_arn` (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role that the caller is assuming.

### Optional

- `account_test_subject_keys` (List of String) Keys to include in an account test. Valid options are: `space`, `account`, `type`
- `description` (String) A user-friendly description of this AWS OIDC account.
- `environments` (List of String) A list of environment IDs associated with this resource.
- `execution_subject_keys` (List of String) Keys to include in a deployment or runbook. Valid options are `space`, `environment`, `project`, `tenant`, `runbook`, `account`, `type`
- `health_subject_keys` (List of String) Keys to include in a health check. Valid options are `space`, `account`, `target`, `type`
- `session_duration` (Number) The duration, in seconds, of the role session.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- `tenant_tags` (List of String) A list of tenant tags associated with this resource.
- `tenanted_deployment_participation` (String) The tenanted deployment mode of the resource. Valid account types are `Untenanted`, `TenantedOrUntenanted`, or `Tenanted`.
- `tenants` (List of String) A list of tenant IDs associated with this resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


