---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_azure_openid_connect Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages Azure OpenID Connect accounts in Octopus Deploy.
---

# octopusdeploy_azure_openid_connect (Resource)

This resource manages Azure OpenID Connect accounts in Octopus Deploy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "octopusdeploy_azure_openid_connect" "example" {
  application_id  = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  name            = "Azure OpenID Connect Account (OK to Delete)"
  subscription_id = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  tenant_id       = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  execution_subject_keys = ["space", "project"]
  health_subject_keys = ["space", "target", "type"]
  account_test_subject_keys = ["space", "type"]
  audience = "api://AzureADTokenExchange"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String) The application ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The name of this resource.
- `subscription_id` (String) The subscription ID of this resource.
- `tenant_id` (String) The tenant ID of this resource.

### Optional

- `account_test_subject_keys` (List of String) Keys to include in an account test. Valid options are: `space`, `account`, `type`
- `audience` (String) Federated credentials audience, this value is used to establish a connection between external workload identities and Microsoft Entra ID.
- `authentication_endpoint` (String) The authentication endpoint URI for this resource.
- `azure_environment` (String) The Azure environment associated with this resource. Valid Azure environments are `AzureCloud`, `AzureChinaCloud`, `AzureGermanCloud`, or `AzureUSGovernment`.
- `description` (String) The description of this Azure OpenID Connect account.
- `environments` (List of String) A list of environment IDs associated with this resource.
- `execution_subject_keys` (List of String) Keys to include in a deployment or runbook. Valid options are `space`, `environment`, `project`, `tenant`, `runbook`, `account`, `type`
- `health_subject_keys` (List of String) Keys to include in a health check. Valid options are `space`, `account`, `target`, `type`
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `resource_manager_endpoint` (String) The resource manager endpoint URI for this resource.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- `tenant_tags` (List of String) A list of tenant tags associated with this resource.
- `tenanted_deployment_participation` (String) The tenanted deployment mode of the resource. Valid account types are `Untenanted`, `TenantedOrUntenanted`, or `Tenanted`.
- `tenants` (List of String) A list of tenant IDs associated with this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import [options] octopusdeploy_azure_openid_connect.<name> <account-id>
```
