---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages certificates in Octopus Deploy.
---

# octopusdeploy_certificate (Resource)

This resource manages certificates in Octopus Deploy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "octopusdeploy_certificate" "example" {
  certificate_data = "a-base-64-encoded-string-representing-the-certificate-data"
  name             = "Development Certificate"
  password         = "###########" # required; get from secure environment/store
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate_data` (String, Sensitive) The encoded data of the certificate.
- `name` (String) The name of this resource.

### Optional

- `archived` (String)
- `certificate_data_format` (String) Specifies the archive file format used for storing cryptography objects in the certificate. Valid formats are `Der`, `Pem`, `Pkcs12`, or `Unknown`.
- `environments` (List of String) A list of environment IDs associated with this resource.
- `has_private_key` (Boolean) Indicates if the certificate has a private key.
- `is_expired` (Boolean) Indicates if the certificate has expired.
- `issuer_common_name` (String)
- `issuer_distinguished_name` (String)
- `issuer_organization` (String)
- `not_after` (String)
- `not_before` (String)
- `notes` (String)
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password associated with this resource.
- `replaced_by` (String)
- `self_signed` (Boolean)
- `serial_number` (String)
- `signature_algorithm_name` (String)
- `space_id` (String)
- `subject_alternative_names` (List of String)
- `subject_common_name` (String)
- `subject_distinguished_name` (String)
- `subject_organization` (String)
- `tenant_tags` (List of String) A list of tenant tags associated with this certificate.
- `tenanted_deployment_participation` (String) The tenanted deployment mode of the resource. Valid account types are `Untenanted`, `TenantedOrUntenanted`, or `Tenanted`.
- `tenants` (List of String) A list of tenant IDs associated with this certificate.
- `thumbprint` (String)
- `version` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import [options] octopusdeploy_certificate.<name> <certificate-id>
```
