---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_channel Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages channels in Octopus Deploy.
---

# octopusdeploy_channel (Resource)

This resource manages channels in Octopus Deploy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "octopusdeploy_channel" "example" {
  name       = "Development Channel (OK to Delete)"
  project_id = "Projects-123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this resource.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID associated with this channel.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of this channel.
- `git_reference_rules` (List of String) List of rules to restrict which Git references can be used with this channel when creating releases for version controlled projects. References must be fully qualified e.g. `refs/heads/main`. Supports glob patten syntax.
- `git_resource_rules` (Block List) List of rules to restrict which Git resources can be used with this channel when creating releases with external Git resources. Resources must be fully qualified e.g. `refs/heads/main`. Supports glob patten syntax. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_resource_rules))
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates if this is the default channel for the associated project.
- `lifecycle_id` (String) The lifecycle ID associated with this channel.
- `rule` (Block List) A list of rules associated with this channel. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule))
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- `tenant_tags` (List of String) A list of tenant tags associated with this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--git_resource_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_resource_rules`

Required:

- `git_dependency_actions` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_resource_rules--git_dependency_actions))

Optional:

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `rules` (List of String)

<a id="nestedblock--git_resource_rules--git_dependency_actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_resource_rules.git_dependency_actions`

Optional:

- `deployment_action_slug` (String)
- `git_dependency_name` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--rule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule`

Required:

- `action_package` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule--action_package))

Optional:

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `tag` (String)
- `version_range` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--rule--action_package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule.action_package`

Optional:

- `deployment_action` (String)
- `package_reference` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import [options] octopusdeploy_channel.<name> <channel-id>
```
