---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_cloud_region_deployment_target Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages cloud region deployment targets in Octopus Deploy.
---

# Resource `octopusdeploy_cloud_region_deployment_target`

This resource manages cloud region deployment targets in Octopus Deploy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "octopusdeploy_cloud_region_deployment_target" "example" {
  environments = ["Environments-123", "Environment-321"]
  name         = "Azure Web App Deployment Target (OK to Delete)"
  roles        = ["Development Team", "System Administrators"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **environments** (List of String) A list of environment IDs associated with this resource.
- **name** (String) The name of this resource.
- **roles** (List of String)

### Optional

- **default_worker_pool_id** (String)
- **health_status** (String) Represents the health status of this deployment target. Valid health statuses are `HasWarnings`, `Healthy`, `Unavailable`, `Unhealthy`, or `Unknown`.
- **id** (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- **is_disabled** (Boolean)
- **machine_policy_id** (String)
- **operating_system** (String)
- **shell_name** (String)
- **shell_version** (String)
- **space_id** (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- **status** (String) The status of this resource. Valid statuses are `CalamariNeedsUpgrade`, `Disabled`, `NeedsUpgrade`, `Offline`, `Online`, or `Unknown`.
- **status_summary** (String) A summary elaborating on the status of this resource.
- **tenant_tags** (List of String) A list of tenant tags associated with this resource.
- **tenanted_deployment_participation** (String) The tenanted deployment mode of the resource. Valid account types are `Untenanted`, `TenantedOrUntenanted`, or `Tenanted`.
- **tenants** (List of String) A list of tenant IDs associated with this resource.
- **thumbprint** (String)
- **uri** (String)

### Read-only

- **has_latest_calamari** (Boolean)
- **is_in_process** (Boolean)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import [options] octopusdeploy_cloud_region_deployment_target.<name> <machine-id>
```
