---
page_title: "octopusdeploy_listening_tentacle_deployment_target Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: "Deployment Targets"
description: |-
  This resource manages listening tentacle deployment targets in Octopus Deploy.
---

# octopusdeploy_listening_tentacle_deployment_target (Resource)

This resource manages listening tentacle deployment targets in Octopus Deploy.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "octopusdeploy_listening_tentacle_deployment_target" "example" {
  environments                      = ["Environments-123", "Environment-321"]
  is_disabled                       = true
  machine_policy_id                 = "MachinePolicy-123"
  name                              = "Listening Tentacle Deployment Target (OK to Delete)"
  roles                             = ["Development Team", "System Administrators"]
  tenanted_deployment_participation = "Untenanted"
  tentacle_url                      = "https://example.com:1234/"
  thumbprint                        = "<thumbprint>"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environments` (List of String) A list of environment IDs associated with this listening tentacle.
- `name` (String) The name of this resource.
- `roles` (List of String) A list of role IDs that are associated with this deployment target.
- `tentacle_url` (String) The tenant URL of this deployment target.
- `thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of this deployment target.

### Optional

- `certificate_signature_algorithm` (String)
- `health_status` (String) Represents the health status of this deployment target. Valid health statuses are `HasWarnings`, `Healthy`, `Unavailable`, `Unhealthy`, or `Unknown`.
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `is_disabled` (Boolean) Represents the disabled status of this deployment target.
- `is_in_process` (Boolean) Represents the in-process status of this deployment target.
- `machine_policy_id` (String) The machine policy ID that is associated with this deployment target.
- `operating_system` (String) The operating system that is associated with this deployment target.
- `proxy_id` (String) The proxy ID that is associated with this deployment target.
- `shell_name` (String) The shell name associated with this deployment target.
- `shell_version` (String) The shell version associated with this deployment target.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of this resource. Valid statuses are `CalamariNeedsUpgrade`, `Disabled`, `NeedsUpgrade`, `Offline`, `Online`, or `Unknown`.
- `status_summary` (String) A summary elaborating on the status of this resource.
- `tenant_tags` (List of String) A list of tenant tags associated with this resource.
- `tenanted_deployment_participation` (String) The tenanted deployment mode of the resource. Valid account types are `Untenanted`, `TenantedOrUntenanted`, or `Tenanted`.
- `tenants` (List of String) A list of tenant IDs associated with this resource.
- `tentacle_version_details` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--tentacle_version_details))
- `uri` (String) The URI of this deployment target.

### Read-Only

- `has_latest_calamari` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedblock--tentacle_version_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tentacle_version_details`

Optional:

- `upgrade_locked` (Boolean)
- `upgrade_required` (Boolean)
- `upgrade_suggested` (Boolean)
- `version` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import [options] octopusdeploy_listening_tentacle_deployment_target.<name> <machine-id>
```
