---
page_title: "octopusdeploy_project Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages projects in Octopus Deploy.
---

# octopusdeploy_project (Resource)

This resource manages projects in Octopus Deploy.

~> Credentials are stored in state as plaintext. [Read more about sensitive data in state.](https://www.terraform.io/language/state/sensitive-data)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "octopusdeploy_project" "example" {
  auto_create_release                  = false
  default_guided_failure_mode          = "EnvironmentDefault"
  default_to_skip_if_already_installed = false
  description                          = "The development project."
  discrete_channel_release             = false
  is_disabled                          = false
  is_discrete_channel_release          = false
  is_version_controlled                = false
  lifecycle_id                         = "Lifecycles-123"
  name                                 = "Development Project (OK to Delete)"
  project_group_id                     = "ProjectGroups-123"
  tenanted_deployment_participation    = "TenantedOrUntenanted"
  included_library_variable_sets       = [ "LibraryVariablesSets-456", "LibraryVariablesSets-789" ]


  connectivity_policy {
    allow_deployments_to_no_targets = false
    exclude_unhealthy_targets       = false
    skip_machine_behavior           = "SkipUnavailableMachines"
  }

  jira_service_management_extension_settings {
    connection_id             = "133d7fe602514060a48bc42ee9870f99"
    is_enabled                = false
    service_desk_project_name = "Test Service Desk Project (OK to Delete)"
  }

  servicenow_extension_settings {
    connection_id                       = "989034685e2c48c4b06a29286c9ef5cc"
    is_enabled                          = false
    is_state_automatically_transitioned = false
    standard_change_template_name       = "Standard Change Template Name (OK to Delete)"
  }

  template {
    default_value = "example-default-value"
    help_text     = "example-help-test"
    label         = "example-label"
    name          = "example-template-value"
    display_settings = {
      "Octopus.ControlType" : "SingleLineText"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `lifecycle_id` (String) The lifecycle ID associated with this project.
- `name` (String) The name of this resource.
- `project_group_id` (String) The project group ID associated with this project.

### Optional

- `allow_deployments_to_no_targets` (Boolean, Deprecated)
- `auto_create_release` (Boolean, Deprecated)
- `auto_deploy_release_overrides` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auto_deploy_release_overrides))
- `cloned_from_project_id` (String) The ID of the project this project was cloned from.
- `connectivity_policy` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connectivity_policy))
- `default_guided_failure_mode` (String)
- `default_to_skip_if_already_installed` (Boolean)
- `deployment_changes_template` (String)
- `description` (String) The description of this project.
- `discrete_channel_release` (Boolean) Treats releases of different channels to the same environment as a separate deployment dimension
- `git_anonymous_persistence_settings` (Block List) Provides Git-related persistence settings for a version-controlled project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_anonymous_persistence_settings))
- `git_library_persistence_settings` (Block List) Provides Git-related persistence settings for a version-controlled project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_library_persistence_settings))
- `git_username_password_persistence_settings` (Block List) Provides Git-related persistence settings for a version-controlled project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--git_username_password_persistence_settings))
- `included_library_variable_sets` (List of String) The list of included library variable set IDs.
- `is_disabled` (Boolean)
- `is_discrete_channel_release` (Boolean) Treats releases of different channels to the same environment as a separate deployment dimension
- `is_version_controlled` (Boolean)
- `jira_service_management_extension_settings` (Block List) Provides extension settings for the Jira Service Management (JSM) integration for this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--jira_service_management_extension_settings))
- `release_creation_strategy` (Block List, Deprecated) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--release_creation_strategy))
- `release_notes_template` (String)
- `servicenow_extension_settings` (Block List) Provides extension settings for the ServiceNow integration for this project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--servicenow_extension_settings))
- `slug` (String) A human-readable, unique identifier, used to identify a project.
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this project.
- `template` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--template))
- `tenanted_deployment_participation` (String) The tenanted deployment mode of the resource. Valid account types are `Untenanted`, `TenantedOrUntenanted`, or `Tenanted`.
- `versioning_strategy` (Block List, Deprecated) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--versioning_strategy))

### Read-Only

- `deployment_process_id` (String)
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `variable_set_id` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--auto_deploy_release_overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_deploy_release_overrides`

Optional:

- `environment_id` (String)
- `release_id` (String)
- `tenant_id` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--connectivity_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectivity_policy`

Optional:

- `allow_deployments_to_no_targets` (Boolean)
- `exclude_unhealthy_targets` (Boolean)
- `skip_machine_behavior` (String)
- `target_roles` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--git_anonymous_persistence_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_anonymous_persistence_settings`

Required:

- `url` (String) The URL associated with these version control settings.

Optional:

- `base_path` (String) The base path associated with these version control settings.
- `default_branch` (String) The default branch associated with these version control settings.
- `protected_branches` (Set of String) A list of protected branch patterns.


<a id="nestedblock--git_library_persistence_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_library_persistence_settings`

Required:

- `git_credential_id` (String)
- `url` (String) The URL associated with these version control settings.

Optional:

- `base_path` (String) The base path associated with these version control settings.
- `default_branch` (String) The default branch associated with these version control settings.
- `protected_branches` (Set of String) A list of protected branch patterns.


<a id="nestedblock--git_username_password_persistence_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `git_username_password_persistence_settings`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the Git credential
- `url` (String) The URL associated with these version control settings.
- `username` (String) The username for the Git credential.

Optional:

- `base_path` (String) The base path associated with these version control settings.
- `default_branch` (String) The default branch associated with these version control settings.
- `protected_branches` (Set of String) A list of protected branch patterns.


<a id="nestedblock--jira_service_management_extension_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jira_service_management_extension_settings`

Required:

- `connection_id` (String) The connection identifier associated with the extension settings.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not this extension is enabled for this project.
- `service_desk_project_name` (String) The project name associated with this extension.


<a id="nestedblock--release_creation_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `release_creation_strategy`

Optional:

- `channel_id` (String)
- `release_creation_package` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--release_creation_strategy--release_creation_package))
- `release_creation_package_step_id` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--release_creation_strategy--release_creation_package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `release_creation_strategy.release_creation_package`

Optional:

- `deployment_action` (String)
- `package_reference` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--servicenow_extension_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `servicenow_extension_settings`

Required:

- `connection_id` (String) The connection identifier associated with the extension settings.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not this extension is enabled for this project.
- `is_state_automatically_transitioned` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not this extension will automatically transition the state of a deployment for this project.

Optional:

- `standard_change_template_name` (String) The name of the standard change template associated with this extension. If provided, deployments will create a standard change based on the provided template, otherwise a normal change will be created.


<a id="nestedblock--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the variable set by the parameter. The name can contain letters, digits, dashes and periods.

Optional:

- `default_value` (String) A default value for the parameter, if applicable. This can be a hard-coded value or a variable reference.
- `display_settings` (Map of String) The display settings for the parameter.
- `help_text` (String) The help presented alongside the parameter input.
- `id` (String) The ID of the template parameter.
- `label` (String) The label shown beside the parameter when presented in the deployment process.


<a id="nestedblock--versioning_strategy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `versioning_strategy`

Optional:

- `donor_package` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--versioning_strategy--donor_package))
- `donor_package_step_id` (String)
- `template` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--versioning_strategy--donor_package"></a>
### Nested Schema for `versioning_strategy.donor_package`

Optional:

- `deployment_action` (String)
- `package_reference` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import [options] octopusdeploy_project.<name> <project-id>
```
