---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_project_deployment_target_trigger Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Resource `octopusdeploy_project_deployment_target_trigger`



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "octopusdeploy_project_deployment_target_trigger" "example" {
  name             = "[deployment_target_trigger_name]"
  project_id       = "Projects-123"
  event_categories = ["MachineUnhealthy"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of this resource.
- **project_id** (String) The project_id of the Project to attach the trigger to.

### Optional

- **environment_ids** (List of String) Apply environment id filters to restrict which deployment targets will actually cause the trigger to fire, and consequently, which deployment targets will be automatically deployed to.
- **event_categories** (List of String) Apply event category filters to restrict which deployment targets will actually cause the trigger to fire, and consequently, which deployment targets will be automatically deployed to.
- **event_groups** (List of String) Apply event group filters to restrict which deployment targets will actually cause the trigger to fire, and consequently, which deployment targets will be automatically deployed to.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **roles** (List of String) Apply event role filters to restrict which deployment targets will actually cause the trigger to fire, and consequently, which deployment targets will be automatically deployed to.
- **should_redeploy** (Boolean) Enable to re-deploy to the deployment targets even if they are already up-to-date with the current deployment.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import [options] octopusdeploy_project_deployment_target_trigger.<name> <project_deployment_target_trigger-id>
```
