---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_runbook Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages runbooks in Octopus Deploy.
---

# octopusdeploy_runbook (Resource)

This resource manages runbooks in Octopus Deploy.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the runbook in Octopus Deploy. This name must be unique.
- `project_id` (String) The project that this runbook belongs to.

### Optional

- `connectivity_policy` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--connectivity_policy))
- `default_guided_failure_mode` (String) Sets the runbook guided failure mode.
- `description` (String) The description of this runbook.
- `environment_scope` (String) Determines how the runbook is scoped to environments.
- `environments` (List of String) When environment_scope is set to "Specified", this is the list of environments the runbook can be run against.
- `force_package_download` (Boolean) Whether to force packages to be re-downloaded or not.
- `multi_tenancy_mode` (String) The tenanted deployment mode of the runbook. Valid modes are `Untenanted`, `TenantedOrUntenanted`, `Tenanted`
- `retention_policy` (Block List) Sets the runbook retention policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--retention_policy))
- `space_id` (String) The space ID associated with this runbook.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `published_runbook_snapshot_id` (String) The published snapshot ID.
- `runbook_process_id` (String) The runbook process ID.

<a id="nestedblock--connectivity_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connectivity_policy`

Optional:

- `allow_deployments_to_no_targets` (Boolean)
- `exclude_unhealthy_targets` (Boolean)
- `skip_machine_behavior` (String)
- `target_roles` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--retention_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `retention_policy`

Optional:

- `quantity_to_keep` (Number) How many runs to keep per environment.
- `should_keep_forever` (Boolean) Indicates if items should never be deleted. The default value is `false`.
