---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_team Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages teams in Octopus Deploy.
---

# octopusdeploy_team: Resource

This resource manages teams in Octopus Deploy.

~> **NOTE on Team User Roles and Scoped User Roles:** We currently
provides both a standalone [Scoped User Role resource](scoped_user_role.html)
and a Team resource with `user_roles` blocks defined in-line. At this time you 
cannot use a Team with in-line user_roles in conjunction with any Scoped User Role 
resources. Doing so will cause a conflict of user role settings and will overwrite 
user roles.


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this team.

### Optional

- `can_be_deleted` (Boolean)
- `can_be_renamed` (Boolean)
- `can_change_members` (Boolean)
- `can_change_roles` (Boolean)
- `description` (String) The user-friendly description of this team.
- `external_security_group` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--external_security_group))
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.
- `space_id` (String) The space associated with this team.
- `user_role` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_role))
- `users` (Set of String) A list of user IDs designated to be members of this team.

<a id="nestedblock--external_security_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_security_group`

Optional:

- `display_id_and_name` (Boolean)
- `display_name` (String)
- `id` (String) The unique ID for this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--user_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_role`

Required:

- `space_id` (String)
- `user_role_id` (String)

Optional:

- `environment_ids` (Set of String)
- `project_group_ids` (Set of String)
- `project_ids` (Set of String)
- `tenant_ids` (Set of String)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `team_id` (String)
