---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "octopusdeploy_variable Resource - terraform-provider-octopusdeploy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# Resource `octopusdeploy_variable`





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of this resource.
- **project_id** (String)
- **type** (String) The type of variable represented by this resource. Valid types are `AmazonWebServicesAccount`, `AzureAccount`, `Certificate`, `Sensitive`, `String`, or `WorkerPool`.

### Optional

- **description** (String) The description of this resource.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **is_sensitive** (Boolean) Indicates whether or not this resource is considered sensitive and should be kept secret.
- **pgp_key** (String, Sensitive)
- **prompt** (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--prompt))
- **scope** (Block Set, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))
- **sensitive_value** (String, Sensitive)
- **value** (String)

### Read-only

- **encrypted_value** (String)
- **key_fingerprint** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--prompt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `prompt`

Optional:

- **description** (String) The description of this resource.
- **is_required** (Boolean)
- **label** (String)


<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- **actions** (List of String) A list of actions that are scoped to this variable value.
- **channels** (List of String) A list of channels that are scoped to this variable value.
- **environments** (List of String) A list of environments that are scoped to this variable value.
- **machines** (List of String) A list of machines that are scoped to this variable value.
- **parent_deployments** (List of String) A list of parent deployments that are scoped to this variable value.
- **private** (List of String)
- **process_owners** (List of String) A list of process owners that are scoped to this variable value.
- **projects** (List of String) A list of projects that are scoped to this variable value.
- **roles** (List of String) A list of roles that are scoped to this variable value.
- **target_roles** (List of String) A list of target roles that are scoped to this variable value.
- **tenant_tags** (List of String) A list of tenant tags that are scoped to this variable value.
- **tenants** (List of String) A list of tenants that are scoped to this variable value.
- **triggers** (List of String) A list of triggers that are scoped to this variable value.
- **users** (List of String) A list of users that are scoped to this variable value.


